test/README.md, before:

<!--
#
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
# or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
# distributed with this work for additional information
# regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
# to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
# "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
# with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
# http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
# software distributed under the License is distributed on an
# "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
#  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
# specific language governing permissions and limitations
# under the License.
#
-->

# Cordova Android Test Project

The project in this directory is an Android Test project that enables those
interested in further developing cordova-android to validate their changes.

## Requirements

The requirements in the [top-level README](../README.md) still apply. In
addition, ensure you have installed Gradle, and that it is (at the time of this
writing) at least version 3.3 or newer.

## Getting Started

You can run this test project from both the command line as well as from
Android Studio.

### Command Line

Ensure you have the gradle wrapper script, `gradlew`, in this directory. If
you do not, you can run the following to generate it:

    $ cd cordova-android/test
    $ gradle :wrapper -b build.gradle

You can then see a list of all tasks available to run with `gradlew tasks`.

The two different kinds of tests one typically wants to run are unit tests and
end-to-end, or instrumented, tests. Unit tests do not require any particular
environment to run in, but the instrumented tests, however, require a connected
Android device or emulator to run in.

To run the unit tests, run: `gradlew test`.
To run the instrumented tests, run: `gradlew connectedAndroidTest`.

### Android Studio

Import this `test/` directory into Android Studio, and hit the Play button.

Commit message:

improve test readme (#582)
<!--
Please make sure the checklist boxes are all checked before submitting the PR. The checklist
is intended as a quick reference, for complete details please see our Contributor Guidelines:

http://cordova.apache.org/contribute/contribute_guidelines.html

Thanks!
-->

### Platforms affected


### What does this PR do?


### What testing has been done on this change?


### Checklist
- [ ] [Reported an issue](http://cordova.apache.org/contribute/issues.html) in the JIRA database
- [ ] Commit message follows the format: "CB-3232: (android) Fix bug with resolving file paths", where CB-xxxx is the JIRA ID & "android" is the platform affected.
- [ ] Added automated test coverage as appropriate for this change.

test/README.md, after:

<!--
#
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
# or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
# distributed with this work for additional information
# regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
# to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
# "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
# with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
# http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
# software distributed under the License is distributed on an
# "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
#  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
# specific language governing permissions and limitations
# under the License.
#
-->

# Cordova Android Test Project

The project in this directory is an Android Test project that enables those
interested in further developing `cordova-android` to validate their changes.

## Requirements

The requirements in the [top-level README](../README.md) still apply. In
addition, ensure you have installed Gradle, and that it is (at the time of this
writing) at least version 3.3 or newer.

## Getting Started

You can run this test project from both the command line as well as from
Android Studio:

### Command Line

Ensure you have the gradle wrapper script, `gradlew`, in this directory. If
you do not, you can run the following to generate it:

    $ cd cordova-android/test
    $ gradle :wrapper -b build.gradle

You can then see a list of all tasks available to run with `gradlew tasks`.

The two different kinds of tests one typically wants to run are unit tests and
end-to-end, or instrumented, tests. Unit tests do not require any particular
environment to run in, but the instrumented tests, however, require a connected
Android device or emulator to run in.

- To run the unit tests, run: `gradlew test`.
- To run the instrumented tests, run: `gradlew connectedAndroidTest`.

To make sure all tests are run, add the `--rerun-tasks` parameter.

### Android Studio

Import this `test/` directory into Android Studio, and hit the Play button.
